# Automation Policy #
**A policy guiding, i.e. limiting, the use of automation tools is vital to the purpose of MultiGame:**
- When contributing changes, please limit machine learning use to code review and debugging purposes, and **don't submit new features that have been "vibe-coded".**
- Use of documentation generators or implementation of other non-machine-learning automation systems is unrestricted and in fact encouraged.
- To ensure high-quality software, follow the `AgentInstructions.md` found in the project to adhere to best practices.
- Machine learning tools should be used judiciously and closely adhere to MultiGame internal conventions (and Unity best-practices where applicable).

MultiGame is a labor of love, created by me starting in 2011. While AI can be useful for code review, it should not be relied upon too heavily even in this limited scope, because of the secondary effects caused by overreliance on AI. Crucially, anything new that you add to MultiGame should be *your* creative output, not the creative output of a chatbot or "agentic" AI system.

To avoid any confusion, AI should not make any decisions for you about the structure, implimentation, or nature of any new or revised MultiGame feature. It should only be used to reduce errors in your final work or to reduce the number of keystrokes required to input text. Your creative output should be the driving factor behind every change applied to MultiGame.

MultiGame's Component Documentation at https://terpri.org/mgdoc is generated by Robin Templeton.
